hey guys its money FIFA narrow gamers
gob and what we're going to be doing
today is continuing my top model of the
week episode 4 wait for and as you can
see I've had a little bit of trouble
with this model ready it's actually more
explosives or more T&T know some of that
and yeah but um let would lik went a
little bit crazy so as you can see the
explosives are a little bit big and this
is probably one of my favorite ones
because who doesn't love tea and tea so
guys this that's a nice little town here
we should pick on so i just want to show
you what a couple of them do now look at
this lad wine one you ready which is
half the half the time works up it
doesn't say it's pretty obvious day so
walk upon we're all just a land mine not
nothing to it really as you can see
there's an all sorts of one so i'm not
going to show all them because it will
take too long guys but i just want to
show you this one ready you ready for
this town look at this down these poor
villages ready so this is an atom bomb
so you can probably imagine what's going
to happen it usually tight end it's got
a massive time on let's go back if
you're screwed what's this this is
amazing guys oh oh it's a big turn okay
expired already like oh oh nothing left
except the pathway par finally did
nothing so guys I do really do recommend
downloading this vlog mod it's really
really good it's really fun to play with
but if you do have a slow computer um I
wouldn't download it for you I'm not
saying that you're not focusing on soap
operas oh because you got a slow
computer while we use TT and so it will
destroy your computer anyway guys see if
you enjoyed this please leave a like
subscribe do we need to and download
isn't the description of a key to our
website hopefully and you download it
from there guys this is with my top bot
of the week episode 4
guys please subscribe good bye bye this
video is part of the way movement a
career path in video sponsored by tgn to
learn more visit TJ m dot TV